Date: Sun, 13 Apr 1997 18:14:51 -0400To: Kent Borg <kentborg@borg.org>From: Steve Weyer <weyer@kagi.com>Subject: Re: Package and Part Munging Within a Newton Cc:Bcc:X-Attachments:>And I am still sorting that out. There is more than one way to skin a Newton, and I am still looking over the knives. (Good guesses as to what the Newton communications landscape looks like in a year are valuable. I would love to know whether MP2Ks will sell specifically because of the internet abilities and therefore they all have email--or will the Newtons really need protected accounts that get selective automatic forwarding that people mostly don't have and so they just use the web browsing, etc. Or will the new Newtons even sell?? I don't know.) I wish I knew...>* the basic information on package format (flattened frames, etc.) is * available from Apple for free (you just need to sign an agreement). >What does the agreement accomplish? Does it simply keep groady and dangerious stuff out of random hands? Or are they otherwise restricting how this ability is used?they'd rather not have this info posted publicly. otherwise, I don't think there are restrictions. >* I have an API for this that can be made * available, assuming you'd include NewtPack with your app (and pay me for * each copy).>Could that be turned into "pay Steve each copy for which Kent ever collects any fee"? Because my whole idea is based on getting the application out there as widely and freely as possible, in the hopes of collecting subscription or advertiser fees for some of the content at a later date. Like once there are more than a few Newtons out there and connected. Hmmm. it would obviously depend on how many copies you were selling; initially I was thinking of ~$10 per copy of NewtPack. (you could pay me after you collected money from users); if it's part of a demo or shareware distribution, I'd probably include an expiration facility. >Could NewtPack be included in my package without the user having to worry about any extra icons?--for I am trying to keep this as simple as possible for the user, and the Newton does not have a clean and invisible shared library facility. Grrrr. (And how big is NewtPack?) NewtPack is appears in Extensions. (it's not a regular app). it's ~20K. currently, it pops up a dialog to indicate progress while it's saving. I could probably provide an option to hide that or provide a progress status callback to your app. since you've got NewtDevEnv, you can get a sense of the speed (probably pretty decent on a MP2K; though even usable on a MP100). 